it's like yet oh there we go yeah yeah
press it against it on the boat yeah
because I'm fun yet ah whoo
I'll get some saltines you know I can
have a snack a cracker snack look where
he is real daddy oh come on come on be
sleek don't lose the backup backup
that mana pick that line that rope up
take that robot road crew you can't let
it be that team man
radical architect rah he's keep it down
go go go the other way now we still go
the other way oh yeah oh my god stop
holy crap
sorry oh my god it is good to be stained
holy get out yeah you gotta watch your
lawn okay run right here you don't have
any teeth loaded just like this holy cow
so what is that big - whoa that's a
striper extra-fine rubber picture Club
look big he put that camera down you
need to be ready to go man that fish
bites it keeps people out of water -
home see I'm holding just like a bat
good
squeeze your thumb like that yeah funny
guys come back get pictures quick we
gotta get in the water walk in the back
that fit get it back walk around the
other way
yeah nice
I fish
get water
Scarah right here
way up in it oh yeah don't really walk
toward a little bit awkward get a cow
hey did you go near you gotta fight off
on it that I Vinny yeah I just didn't
know you I don't know you mean by set
the hook man holy cow
Hawaii
fishes okay kids if you're watching us
talking to the kids they might be
grossed out by blood
you don't get a brain begin with now
don't do that without Matt back never
get Mike you know Lee right in the
middle
stand room in your body moment
remember I'll show you take the other
hand put your left hand up underneath
your wrist one two three on another
mommy we didn't get me out for a day yes
this way don't worry oh no don't pull
his head out of water they'll choose
that out of art all right sweet next up
you went out there
hold them up and out there you own the
the big pleasure teeth a little bit
closer teeth
the day turn this way when you're done
just have to get a guest boss
just stuff do